# Neonomics_Assignment
Automated tests cases for UI and API.

What was done:
Step 1: Create a Neonomics application
The account and the Application were created manually because I don&#39;t have an option to
delete it after the test was finished, so decided to do not to spoil the database with a bunch
of data.

Selenium test cases.
Frontend test cases automated:
1. Login functionality:
 success scenario (login with the right credentials);
 forgot password (click on the link and enter email address);
 negative scenario 1 (login without credentials);
 negative scenario 2 (login with wrong credentials);
 injection to the address bar (was trying to inject some random path).

2. Open Application (covered in the Login test case).

Postman test cases.
Sunny-day scenarios.
Development quickstart. Authenticate with the Neonomics API
This step was implemented by automation retrieve the OAuth token in the collection Pre-
request script.

Development quickstart. Create a bank session. Getting banks.
The request returns a list of banks.
There are 3 tests in this test case:
 Check if the status code returns 200.
 Check if there is &quot;Justo Bank&quot; in the list.
 Check that the Justo Bank id is the same as we use in the next test case.

Development quickstart. Create a bank session. Creating a session.
The request returns an autogenerated Session Id.

There are 2 tests in this test case:
 Check if the status code returns 201.
 Check if Session Id was created.
 And there is a script that is fetching the Session Id and pastes it in the environment
variable to use in the next tests.

Consent and SCA. Try to fetch accounts data.
The request returns an error message with the URL that needs to initialize consent.
There are 2 tests in this test case:
 Check if the status code returns 510.
 Check the error message in the response.

Get the consent URL.
The request returns a message with the bank authentication URL that needs to consent
with.
There are 2 tests in this test case:
 Check if the status code returns 200.
 Check the message in the response.

From that part, I&#39;ve done manually by pasting the provided URL into the browser because
unfortunately, I couldn’t retrieve a dynamically changing URL to the bank sign page from
Postman and use it in Selenium. The case is that the part of the URL changing for every new
session, and I couldn&#39;t find the way how to retrieve a new URL every time. Would be nice to
discuss it in our second interview.

Fetch accounts data.
This test also should be run manually, or it could be run automatically in the separate
collection after the manual sign-in by using the provided bank authentication URL.
I do believe there is a way to automate it just now I couldn&#39;t see it.

Some additional test cases were added, such as:

Make a SEPA Payment. Initiate the payment.
Make a SEPA Payment. Authorize a payment.
Just to explore the service and what else could be done there. These test cases have positive
scenarios.

Rainy-day scenarios.
Getting banks when user is not authorised.
Basic Auth is used with the Username and Password that is not authorised.
There are 2 tests in this test case:
 Check if the status code returns 510.
 Check the error message in the response.

Getting banks with the incorrect token.
OAuth 2.0 is used but without reference to the automatically generated token and with the
incorrect token in the header.
There are 2 tests in this test case:
 Check if the status code returns 510.
 Check the error message in the response.

Creating a session with the incorrect BankId.
An incorrect Bank Id is used.
There are 2 tests in this test case:
 Check if the status code returns 510.
 Check the error message in the response.

Fetch accounts data with incorrect Session Id
An incorrect Session Id is used.
There are 2 tests in this test case:
 Check if the status code returns 510.
 Check the error message in the response.
